Domain: Healthcare

Project Objective:

Create a dynamic and responsive Java e-healthcare web application for online ordering of medicines.

Technology Stack:

Front End: HTML5, CSS3 and Java Script

Back End: Java, Spring Boot, Oracle/MySQL

Background of the project:

Medicare is a company that supplies medicines and a couple of other healthcare essentials at an affordable price. It was established in 2012.It had been serving fine all these years; however, the business analysts noticed a drop in the selling since 2019. They found out that online ordering of medicines with companies, such as 100mg and mfine are gaining more profits by eliminating middlemen from the equation. As a result, the team decided to hire a Full Stack developer who could develop a healthcare web application with a rich and user-friendly interface.You are hired as the Full Stack Java developer and are asked to develop the web application. The management team has provided you with the requirements and their business model so that you can easily arrange different components of the application.

Functional Requirements:

Below are the key responsibilities and functionalities to be implemented in the admin portal.

The admin user should be able to:

1. Add or remove medicine details from the application to build a rich product line.

2. Edit medicine details like name, price, seller, and description to keep the product information updated with the current prices.

3. Enable or disable the medicines.

Below are the key responsibilities and functionalities to be implemented in the user portal.

The user should be able to:

1. Sign into the application to maintain the record of activities.

2. Search for products based on the search keyword.

3. Apply filters and sort results based on different categories.

4. Add all the selected products and customize the purchase at the end.

5. Experience a seamless payment process.

6. Receive an order summary page once the payment is complete


Phase 1: Front End Development

Develop a static web pages as per requirements for e-healthcare web application using HTML5,CSS3 and Java Script. PFB screenshots for references


Phase 2: Back End Development

Develop a RESTful Web API to perform CRUD operations on Domain objects as per requirements using Spring Boot and MySQL/Oracle database

Steps to develop a Restful Web API.

1. Identify the domain objects and their attributes as per requirements.

2. Design Database Schema as per requirements.

3. Create Entity class for each domain object with required attributes.

4. Create DAO class for performing CRUD operations using Spring Data JPA for each Entity.

5. Create a Service class to invoke DAO class methods for each Entity.

6. Create a Controller class to build the RESTful Web API using Service class using required annotations.

Note:

路 Use proper Java Naming Conventions(package, class and interface, variable names)

路 Use Interfaces for loose coupling as and when required 路 Use (Best Practices for REST API development)

路 Use standard HTTP status codes :404,500,200,201,401,403 while implementing RESTful Web API
